Upstreamize Hammer guide (#3197)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Hammer_CLI/topics/con_introduction-to-hammer.adoc

:foreman:
 :use_sessions: true
----
Note that if you enable sessions, credentials stored in the configuration file will be ignored.
+
* To start a session, enter the following command:
+
----
# hammer auth login
----
+
You are prompted for your {Project} credentials, and logged in.
You will not be prompted for the credentials again until your session expires.
+
* The default length of a session is 60 minutes.
You can change the time to suit your preference.
For example, to change it to 30 minutes, enter the following command:
+
----
# hammer settings set --name idle_timeout --value 30
Setting [idle_timeout] updated to [30]
----
+
* To see the current status of the session, enter the following command:
+
----
# hammer auth status
----
+
* To end the session, enter the following command:
+
----
# hammer auth logout
----

[[sect-CLI_Guide-Authentication-Hammer_Configuration_File]]
=== Hammer configuration file

If you ran the {Project} installation with `--foreman-initial-admin-username` and `--foreman-initial-admin-password` options, credentials you entered are stored in the `~/.hammer/cli.modules.d/foreman.yml` configuration file, and hammer does not prompt for your credentials.

> You can also add your credentials to the `~/.hammer/cli.modules.d/foreman.yml` configuration file manually:

Reviewer: Might be good to add that the installer won't update the file and if you changed your credentials then you need to do that manually. You already have the instructions.

For more information, see {ManagingHostsDocURL}Registering_Hosts_managing-hosts[Registering Hosts] in _{ManagingHostsDocTitle}_.
ifdef::katello,orcharhino,satellite[]
* Ensure that you synchronize the following repositories on {ProjectServer}:
ifdef::satellite[]
** {RepoRHEL8BaseOS}
** {RepoRHEL8AppStream}
** {RepoRHEL8ServerSatelliteUtils}
endif::[]
ifndef::satellite[]
** {EL} 8 BaseOS
** {EL} 8 AppStream
** ??? what is the Utils alternative for Foreman/Katello?
endif::[]

+
For more information, see {ContentManagementDocURL}Synchronizing_Repositories_content-management[Synchronizing Repositories] in _{ContentManagementDocTitle}_.
endif::katello,orcharhino,satellite[]

.Procedure
. Enable the required repositories on the host:
+
ifdef::satellite[]
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# subscription-manager repos --enable={RepoRHEL8BaseOS} \
--enable={RepoRHEL8AppStream} \
--enable={RepoRHEL8ServerSatelliteUtils}
----
endif::[]
ifndef::satellite[]
??? is there an alternative for Foreman/Katello?
endif::[]
. Enable the {Project} Utils module:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="verbatim,quotes,attributes"]
----
# dnf module enable satellite-utils:el8

> ----

Author: I need help here. :)

Reviewer: For upstream it's the exact same repository as the server so you should be able to reuse that module

. Install Hammer Ruby gem:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="verbatim,quotes,attributes"]
----

> # {client-package-install-el8} rubygem-hammer_cli_katello

Reviewer: I'd argue this instruction is wrong. It installs a single plugin to Hammer that ends up pulling in some others. For satellite I think the instruction should be to install `satellite-cli`, but I'm not 100% sure we publish that in our utils repo.

Author: I checked on Ohsnap and yes, we publish the `satellite-cli` package in the Utils repo.

----
+

> . Edit the `:host:` entry in the `/etc/hammer/cli.modules.d/foreman.yml` file to include the {Project} IP address or FQDN.

Reviewer: I first thought the IP is wrong, but then think we can even reduce it further.
```suggestion
. Set the `:host:` entry in the `/etc/hammer/cli.modules.d/foreman.yml` file to the {Project} URL.
```

To see the order in which configuration files are loaded, as well as versions of loaded modules, use:

[options="nowrap", subs="verbatim,quotes,attributes"]
----
$ hammer -d --version
----

[NOTE]
====
Loading configuration for many CLI modules can slow down the execution of `hammer` commands.
In such a case, consider disabling CLI modules that are not regularly used.
====
Apart from saving credentials as described in xref:sect-CLI_Guide-Authentication[], you can set several other options in the *~/.hammer/* configuration directory.
For example, you can change the default log level and set log rotation with the following directives in *~/.hammer/cli_config.yml*.
These directives affect only the current user and are not applied globally.

[options="nowrap", subs="verbatim,quotes,attributes"]
----
:log_level: 'warning'
:log_size: 5 #in MB
----

Similarly, you can configure user interface settings.
For example, set the number of entries displayed per request in the Hammer output by changing the following line:

----
:per_page: 30
----

This setting is an equivalent of the `--per-page` Hammer option.

[[sect-CLI_Guide-Configuring_Hammer_Logging]]

> == Configuring Hammer logging

Reviewer: This is specifically for [hammer-cli-foreman-admin](https://github.com/theforeman/hammer-cli-foreman-admin) which is a very unusual plugin. Normally Hammer is a tool that talks to the Foreman API over the network. hammer-cli-foreman-admin actually operates on the server itself. I'd love to get rid of it.

We already have a section that can change the log levels (https://docs.theforeman.org/nightly/Administering_Project/index-katello.html#Logging_and_Reporting_Problems_admin). I'd be my preference to use that instead as the single way to configure logging.
